Errors I found:
    1. In the scale function of Circle.java, the parameter factor 
       should be multiplies by original radius instead of addting
       to it. 
       Additionally, factor should be a positive number since the 
       length of radius can't be negative. So I added if - else 
       statements that will multiply radius by factor only if factor
       is positive.
    2. In the moveBy function of Circle.java, center.y should be set
       to center.y plus yOffset instead of xOffset, because it should 
       calculate the distance on the y-axit.
    3. In the intersects function of Circle1.java, I changed the algorithm
       so that it compares the distance between two centers, instead of
       the distances between x position and y position 
       separately. Since the dignal distance is longer than vertical or
       horizontal distance, it can be happened that the distance of two 
       centers is out of range diagnally but not horizontally or vertically.
       So, in this case, the calculation in terms of distance between two 
       centers is more accurate. 
    4. In the intersects function of Circle2.java, I changed the conditions
       in if condition. The distance should be in between sum of two radius
       and absolute value of difference of two radius. So that it can take the
       negative case. It shouldn't be less than one of the radius.
    5. At the first line inside Circle2 class, it should be super(x,y,radius)
       instead of super(y,x,radius);

Where I discovered the errors:
    1. In test case simpleScalesN of Circle1Test, it failed because the result should be 3
       instead of 2. When parameter is -1, the radius should be the same 
       which is 3. But it changed to 2.
    2. In test case simpleMoveDP of Circle1Test,  it failed because the result should be 2 
       and 4 instead of 2 and 3. When circle that has center at (1, 2) and 
       radius of 3 moves by 1 horizontally and 2 virtically, the new center
       should be at (2, 4) instead of (2, 3)
    3. In test case intersectsTP of Circle1Test, it failed because the result should be true
       instead of false. The circle that has center at (4, 5) and radius of 4
       intersects with circle that has center at (1, 2) and radius of 3.
    4. In test case intersectsTN of Circle2Test, it failed because the result should be true
       true instead of false. The circle that has center at (-1.9, -0.9) and 
       radius of 7 intersects with circle that has center at (1, 2) and radius 
       of 3.
    5. In test case simpleMoveDP of Circle2Test, it failed because the circle moved to the 
       position. 